2BR02B
Everything was perfectly swell.
So was old age.
One bright morning in the Chicago Lying-in Hospital, a man named Edward K. Wehling, Jr., waited for his wife to give birth.
He was the only man waiting.
Wehling was fifty-six, a mere stripling in a population whose average age was one hundred and twenty-nine.
His camouflage was perfect, since the waiting room had a disorderly and demoralized air, too.
The floor was paved with spattered dropcloths.
Every plant had all the loam, light, water, air and nourishment it could use.
Kiss this sad world toodle-oo.
He gave a satiric smile.
"It's called 'The Happy Garden of Life,' you know."
Hitz was a blindingly handsome man.
All blanks were to be filled with portraits of important people on either the hospital staff or from the Chicago Office of the Federal Bureau of Termination.
"You think I'm proud of this daub?" he said. 
The painter gestured at a foul dropcloth.
"Frame that, and you'll have a picture a damn sight more honest than this one."
"You're a gloomy old duck, aren't you?" said the orderly.
"If you don't like it here, Grandpa..." he said, and he finished the thought with the trick telephone number that people who didn't want to live any more were supposed to call.
The zero in the telephone number he pronounced "naught."
The number was: "2 B R 0 2 B."
It was the telephone number of an institution whose fanciful sobriquets included: "Automat," "Birdland," "Cannery," "Catbox," "De-louser," "Easy-go," "Good-by, Mother," "Happy Hooligan," "Kiss-me-quick," "Lucky Pierre," "Sheepdip," "Waring Blendor," "Weep-no-more" and "Why Worry?"
"To be or not to be" was the telephone number of the municipal gas chambers of the Federal Bureau of Termination.
"Messy business, Grandpa.
The painter expressed with an obscenity his lack of concern for the tribulations of his survivors.
A coarse, formidable woman strode into the waiting room on spike heels.
The medallion on her purple musette bag was the seal of the Service Division of the Federal Bureau of Termination, an eagle perched on a turnstile.
"A lot would depend on what your business was," he said.
"And you dunk people," he said.
You're entitled to be immortalized.
"Gee," she said, "they're all the same to me.
"A body's a body, eh?" he said, "All righty.
He indicated a faceless figure of a woman who was carrying dried stalks to a trash-burner.
"Well," said Leora Duncan, "that's more the disposal people, isn't it?
The painter clapped his hands in mock delight.
Of course the sheave-carrier is wrong for a hostess!
A snipper, a pruner—that's more your line."
"Gosh—" she said, and she blushed and became humble—"that—that puts me right next to Dr. Hitz."
"Good gravy, no!" she said.
He was seven feet tall, and he boomed with importance, accomplishments, and the joy of living.
She was exclaiming over the legal implications of triplets.
"Last I heard," said Dr. Hitz, "they had one, and were trying to scrape another two up."
Nothing but singles going through today, unless somebody called in after I left.
He raised his right hand, looked at a spot on the wall, gave a hoarsely wretched chuckle.
"I think it's perfectly keen," said Wehling tautly.
"I should have said, 'Ethical Suicide Studios,'" he said.
"It's only death," he said to her as she fell.
The painter pondered the mournful puzzle of life demanding to be born and, once born, demanding to be fruitful ... to multiply and to live as long as possible—to do all that on a very small planet that would have to last forever.